CONTRIBUTING: Use PEP 604 syntax (#5925)
python/typeshed: CONTRIBUTING.md

Some further tips for good type hints:
* use built-in generics (`list`, `dict`, `tuple`, `set`), instead

>   of importing them from `typing`, **except** in type aliases and for
>   arbitrary length tuples (`Tuple[int, ...]`);

Reviewer: Apparently base classes didn't make it to the previous line. I don't think inheriting from `tuple[int, ...]` works.

```suggestion
  of importing them from `typing`, **except** in type aliases, in base classes, and for
  arbitrary length tuples (`Tuple[int, ...]`);
```

* use `X | Y` instead of `Union[X, Y]` and `X | None`, instead of

>   `Optional[X]`, **except** in type aliases and class bases;

Reviewer: Would be good to mention why this rule exists:

```suggestion
  `Optional[X]`, **except** when it is not possible due to mypy bugs (type aliases and base classes);
```
